Bug fixes from review (#3)
node-red/node-red-dev-cli: docs/P01.md

# License

## Requirement

> The package.json MUST contain a key of `license` that specfies the type of license used, this can be either an open source licence or your own propriataty license. The value should be either a recogniced [SPDX ID](https://spdx.org/licenses/) Or refer to a filename within the package for a custom license.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The package.json MUST contain a key of `license` that specifies the type of license used, this can be either an open source licence or your own proprietary license. The value should be either a recognised [SPDX ID](https://spdx.org/licenses/) Or refer to a filename within the package for a custom license.
```
